SocietyDesigner Tool

The SocietyDesigner tool supports selecting agents to
include in a society.  After selecting the appropriate agents, the user
typically saves the society to an XML file, then applies rules to the
society in order to produce a runnable society.  The SocietyDesigner is
intended as an aid in composing and validating societies from CSV files
and rules.

The SocietyDesigner tool can read CSV or XML files 
using the commands on the File menu.

Typically, the user selects the "File-Read from CSV File..." menu item
and reads a CSV file that contains descriptions of all 
the agents, i.e. csmart/org_agent_builder/org_data/org_hieratchy.csv.
The SocietyDesignor tool then automatically reads files that describe
the agents' attributes and roles (i.e. org_attribute.csv, org_role.csv, etc.).
The SocietyDesigner tool displays the agents in a tree.  If the agent
descriptions were read from a CSV file, then the user can select or deselect
agents to include in the society by right-clicking on the agent name.
Deselected agents are displayed in gray.  When an agent is deselected,
neither it or its subordinates are included in the society.

The SocietyDesigner tool can also be used to Validate supply chains.  
Select the Validate command from the File menu and the
SocietyDesigner displays a dialog that shows supporting relationships
for all the selected agents, and any supporting relationships that are 
not filled.  The Validate algorithm mirrors the Service Discovery done 
in a running society; hence, thus this is a way to verify that 
Service Discovery will find the necessary providers when the society is run.

After selecting a set of agents, the SocietyDesigner tool can write 
the results to either a CSV file or an XML file (using the commands on 
the File menu). If the results are written to an XML file, then that file can 
be used as input to the ruby rules to produce a runnable society.

In summary, here is how you use the SocietyDesigner tool:

1.  Load the agents by selecting the "File-Read from CSV File..." menu item.
Either read all the agents by specifying:
	csmart/config/org_agent_builder/org_data/org_hierarchy.csv.
or read an agent member list, by specify the member CSV file.
2.  Select the agents that you want to exclude from your society by
right mouse clicking over the agent name.

-- OR --
1.  Read a Society XML file that you've previously created.

3.  (Optional) Validate the supply chains.
4.  Save the society as an XML file OR
    Save the "member" list as a CSV file.
5.  Apply rules (using different tools).
6.  Run society.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
XMLDiff Tool

This tool compares 2 XML files that contain society definitions.  It ignores
host-node-agent mapping, and agent and component names and order.  It compares
agent attributes, component class names and component arguments.  The XML files
are displayed side-by-side in trees, and grayed out branches and leaves
indicate differences.
